README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Configure GitHub Pages deployment for static export and update project documentation.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website

A modern, responsive portfolio demonstrating the productivity benefits of AI-powered development.

## Tech Stack
- **Framework**: [Next.js 14+](https://nextjs.org/) (App Router)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Deployment**: GitHub Pages

## Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run the development server:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Open:** [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Antigravity Exploration

This project was created as an exploration with **Antigravity** (Google DeepMind's advanced agentic coding assistant). It serves as a demonstration of:
- **AI-Assisted Development**: Rapidly iterating on design and functionality using natural language prompts.
- **Workflow Automation**: Leveraging agentic capabilities to handle complex tasks like component structure, styling, and deployment configuration.
- **Human-AI Collaboration**: A testament to how AI tools can accelerate the transition from concept to deployed application for aspiring AI Engineers.
